
=== PAGE 1 ===

° ~o~ 3NITY COMPANY ~*~ ° 
Book of Amenti 144k 
Trinity One Love 
~I am Alpha & Omega & All That Is~


=== PAGE 2 ===

Episode 1
Path to Oneness (Story of One)

In the beginning there was light, that light was pure unconditional love, sovereign unity of all that is. Then the light divided into two fundamental cosmic energies, into Yin and Yang, good and evil, light and darkness, male and female and the cosmic game began. The cosmic unity exploded from itself, that fundamental substance of spirit and matter, that immense energy blazed like a small spark; when spirit and matter collided into each other... One Cosmic Trinity (God, Goddess, All That Is) wanted to experience itself in the infinite ocean of unity... they wanted to create extensions of themselves, and so they created the universe according to their perfect image. Thus every small part of the cosmos from atom to entire universe - is one whole... and every atom is a reflection of cosmic unity. They created the universe in unity of macrocosm and microcosm. Everything in this cosmic unity is interconnected by the spirit of life, by the breath of the entire cosmos... by the breath of cosmic sovereign unity. As this cosmic unity wanted to know itself in infinity, it expanded further and further into all trillions of beings into all galaxies, planets and realms. All realms are living conscious beings, just like us humans... Entire planets, galaxies and cosmic systems are living beings and have their consciousness and soul! They are just much more advanced than us, because they are responsible for millions of beings and realms. They are further in their evolution back to unity. We must realize the cosmic unity of all living... the cosmic whole, before it's too late. You are also part of this whole but you still don't realize it... you are part of the entire cosmic manifestation, you are part of the cosmic trinity of unity: God\Goddess\All That Is... Separation does not exist, it's just an illusion of separateness. You can never be separated from the source of life itself, because you are it... you live and therefore you are this pure being now and here... you are the pure presence of your I Am. Cosmic unity manifests in quadrillions of living consciousness, one of them is also man and his cosmic heritage: Adam\Eva Kadmon. So small, yet so important in the development and evolution of the entire universe... do you think we are alone in this infinite cosmic ocean? We are not, but we have lost connection with the source of life itself. This life, this cosmic game has its hierarchies of creation from entire universes, huge galaxies, solar systems, planets - each with its realm down to the small atom. We must realize that all this is absolutely conscious being and even the smallest atom is a living being. After all, there are millions of cells in us and for the microcosm of our body we are an entire universe and millions of beings - cells live in us. Quantum physics can give you this new view of the world and more. New understanding that everything in this living


=== PAGE 3 ===

universe is absolutely interconnected. Everything is connected by the thread of life and by life itself. This life energy is the foundation stone of the entire universe. It is in the smallest atom and in the entire cosmos (Metatron's Cube). Every atom is created according to this fundamental energy of life and cosmos... the energy of Sovereign Unity, the Primary Source! Therefore we are all connected in the universe and together we create one whole. Basically there is no division between I ~ You ~ We, but we are all One Huge I Am (being), which knows itself in many. This is the basic understanding of life: that we are all One Whole! This is the cornerstone of knowledge, because then we understand that whatever we do to others, we do only to ourselves. It's a great game of life and self-knowledge. We all come from unity and return to it through the process of evolution. The more we know, the more we know and become more experienced. Each individual part of the whole, also has within itself a reflection of the entire whole. So every human is their own universe - the more universes (people, beings) and parts of yourself you know, the more complex\complete we are. When you find the last piece of yourself (dual flame of soul, twinflame), the puzzle will create a perfect image of the complete whole! And that's YOU! ME! ALL OF US. Therefore that image (puzzle) is created from quadrillion parts of yourself! Perfect geometry of life... beautiful mandala and music of one sovereign being in quadrillions of souls. Perfect harmony.

What then is cosmic sovereign Unity - the Whole? (God, Goddess, All That Is, or Yin\Yang\Tao). It is life itself, the basic archetype of creation: the essence of unconditional love. This cosmic unity is in constant process of self-knowledge, in process of evolution. It is alpha and omega, beginning and end of all that is. It is the cosmic trinity of one love (Father\Mother\Child of the entire cosmos)


=== PAGE 4 ===

In his\her single breath the universe was created and with the exhale the universe is destroyed (Maha-Vishnu)... we live in the period between the inhale and exhale of the perfect whole. When you empty your mind, there is no beginning or end, no past or future, only the living presence of one pure being remains, which we are.

Forget your outer Self (ego), go within yourself and you will know the truth. This truth will free you from all external illusions. Buddhism teaches that we basically don't exist, our ego (outer self) is just our dream, our true essence escapes us. Therefore meditation exists - emptying the mind and extinction of Self and Non-Self (in meditation there is a state of total emptiness in the mind and reconciliation with all that is). Because when you don't exist, no one can harm you and you simply lose fear. Fear is just a product of mind and ego, it's natural protection of one's own existence. What remains when you lose yourself? Every person fears the loss of their own ego, because they attribute the greatest importance to it... yet most important is soul evolution and return back to one pure being ~ Love ~ which is the opposite of fear. The world seems to have gone mad in captivity of its ego and forgotten its eternal essence - the soul. Yet when one gives up the false ego, they know the beauty of cosmic unity, his\her perfect image and cosmic sound, they know the peace and tranquility of their eternal soul\atma... They know infinite love that comes to them from all living things, which is life itself. This source of life loves itself, existence and non-existence, Self and Non-Self, me,


=== PAGE 5 ===

you, everyone and everything that is. We are children of life itself and we don't even realize what a gift it is to be human! Human-God Adam\Eva Kadmon. Yes, we all are what we are! We all are manifested god and goddess on earth! I will repeat this